what should I invest in where do I put
my savings with interest rates down
Investments that are safe yet provide
good yield are hard to come by risk
becomes ever present in search of higher
yield there is no question that this
risk is increasing and the bubbles have
inflated to a greater degree there is no
escaping The Fallout you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today I have several issues that I want
to discuss beginning with this according
to John Buckingham he's the editor of
The Prudent Speculator newsletter which
has a number one ranking for performance
since Inception 40 years
ago what did he
say well according to this Baron's
article the newsletter's advice has made
more money over the past 40 years than
any of the nearly 200 other services he
monitors what did he say well if you are
50 or younger or have 10 years before
taking your money out and you do not
have 100%
inequities you are crazy that's right if
you do not put all your eggs into one
basket you are crazy if you diversify
you you are
crazy that's the kind of advice that we
are told by our financial advisors the
same financial advisors that have been
caught or have come
forward speaking of all of the crimes
that they commit like putting people
into particular assets knowing that it's
not a good one for them but simply
because the bank makes more profit and
that individual makes more profit as a
result because it's all about sales
corporate profits and you look at this
right here this is pretty funny the 1929
bubble the 1987 bubble 2000 2008 and now
at the very top prudent Speculator tells
Millennials to put 100% in equities here
at the highest it's ever been put your
money into it it even Warren The Insider
Buffett says the worst reason to buy
into stocks is because they're going
up this is the chart that everybody
needs to
see and there's one particular reason
but first let's look at the left hand
side business Equity essentially what
we're looking at is the top 1% the next
9% and the bottom
90% defining what people own
total assets okay in the top 1% It seems
that business Equity tends to hold the
major
percentage however the principal
residence for these individuals in the
top 1% makes up only
10% the principal residence for the
bottom 90% of people is more than half
of their wealth and if you look at the
statistics right now for a lot of places
where housing is extremely
expensive this number is much much
higher and that tells me that people
have put everything they can and or
whether or not they like it into their
homes and that's just the way it is they
don't have other assets their home is
their only form of
savings the crisis in Venezuela
continues you can see the clashes that
have taken place this individual is
literally on
fire after one of the clashes I would
have to waiter a bet that he didn't
survive this a Venezuelan National Guard
armored vehicle kened into a crowd of
anti-government demonstrators in karacus
on a day of furious protest that left
more than 300 people injured it's
getting worse the people are getting
frustrated violence is expanding the
store shelves are often empty the black
market prices continue to rise and the
currency is devaluing into to nothing
and yet and yet people still deny what's
happening I don't get it I don't
understand
this with its creditors at its heels and
its coffers depleted Puerto Rico sought
what is essentially bankruptcy relief in
federal court on Wednesday the first
time in history that an American state
or territory had taken the
extraordinary
measure and they will engage in
something I just warned about if you saw
the live interview which is now posted
with rethinking the dollar I just talked
about
this restructuring the debt the
worst terminology the worst set of
words in the financial
industry is is restructuring
debt you need to run the opposite
direction wherever that's coming
from the governor turned to the courts
Wednesday to protect the US Territory
from a crushing $73 billion debt in the
largest ever effort made by US
government to Shield itself from
creditors that's right you owe money you
can't pay back so you claim bankruptcy
and we knew this was coming nobody
denied that they would go bankrupt it
was so obvious and what happens we have
to restructure the debt essentially
shuffling the debt around pushing it off
further into the
future perhaps some haircuts here and
there depends on the situation this was
most notably done with the esm the
efsf in Europe
as you see debt being restructured let
me take all your garbage debt okay
everything you got give me all the worst
worst I'm going to pile it up here I'm
going to shuffle it around a bit I'll
package it up I'm going to give it a
Fresh coat of paint on top of all that
rotten
carcass paint it up fresh sell it to
people let's get it back on the market
and let's do what we can with
it that's what this is it's not here say
I'm not being silly about it that's lit
Lally what this is doesn't happen
doesn't matter if it's Puerto Rico
doesn't matter if it's Greece Cypress
anywhere doesn't matter when you do this
kind of thing you take garbage you wrap
it up into a nice little fresh paint job
on the top of it and you try to sell it
for something good and they will buy it
there are these investment companies who
will buy it because the yield is
slightly better than
on you know supposed safe Bond let's say
but of course it's all at a risk moving
over to China right now you can see the
Shanghai composite that has been
declining all throughout April and while
we see it sort of forming
some stagnation let's call it
recently I would still say that the
trend is on a downward at this time I
don't know what's going on but part of
it happens to be a loss in the value of
Commodities this happens to be iron or
Futures and that's never a good thing
particularly with China you need to see
them consume more and more and more and
you want them exporting more you want
them importing more you want to see
China booming if you are interested in
the stock prices going up but that
doesn't seem to be happening right now
is there a deep deep credit crisis going
on that's the question being asked of
China right now at this time I've been
taking a very close look at this and I
believe that we will see increased
stimulus packages coming out of China
let's keep our eyes on that if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and global
economic collapse even more informative
if you want to look through these books
just go over to Amazon they have look
inside features that will allow you to
flip through the pages of these books to
see if you like them take
care if you're still here I just wanted
to let you know that I just did an
interview with reinking the dollar it's
in the interview
section of my uh
Channel and you can also check it out if
you go to the previous video I did
you'll see that I put a link in there
for that check it out it was an hour
long I know it's really long but we just
got into so many different topics we had
live callers calling in it was really
fun we got into so many different issues
definitely check it out maybe you could
just listen in while you're doing some
other things uh take a look at it I I
highly recommend it take care